alright guys welcome back this is diet
soda dude and we're back playing some
Billy Hatcher a giant egg so yeah I
finally got some time to do some
recording let's just go ahead and do
mission 6 with Rowley and Dino Mountain
let's go so I got a new headset so I
don't know how the microphone quality is
going to turn out on the video so if it
turned out better i'll use it if not
i'll just go by thai old microphone that
one was working pretty well this was a
minigame shelton level so let's see
starts with a chick person okay oh well
I'm gonna get another one of these big
game so all we gotta do is yeah just
click the chicken coins and we got two
minutes to do it so let's go now I know
this there's a trick coin there so I'll
grab that first
bunch of clinch everywhere and I'm not
doing a good job of collecting tomorrow
there we go got that one dude jump
I'm have to come probably back
afterwards to select all the coins
since I don't actually know where they
are okay run away
yeah I like most of the chicken minigame
salesman they're not that hard if you
can at least have some good if you know
how to control your egg and you know how
to control stuff up with chicken up
there and the star wars and this one
down there but it's okay let's just keep
god I've got 23 eggs we're about halfway
there pick it up there we go
I took down the slide
38 I miss one there yeah we got there we
go got that for you
okay right out of time that's fine
uh-huh so we took his emblem that's
that's what's great oh now instead of
grabbing and I still got to go and get
all my eggs or all the chickens oh okay
I get that egg there it is
let's go over here i I'm disoriented
right now I'm distracted
so I'm trying to make sure my
microphones working right but it seems
to be working ok I guess okay so gotta
go down over yeah do some platforming
grab it got it loop myself at least I
got the egg sure that your corn that's
too
do that little trick and I'm just
kidding beat up right now dang raleigh
are you gonna beat up football
work at the other
tell these guys
just recreated up there it is haha wow I
don't know if that I supposed to get it
but that's how I got it all right next
step
I thought I saw one right over here no
there it is and the last one is probably
way near the end of the course which you
probably would never get to in two
minutes there if you're trying to put
the point of this will just go down
another camera problem and a boy these
guys
oh there it is there's green rings over
here
these look suspicious yeah these look
suspicious i'm sure there's like a point
at the top ah that's up and I don't have
any animals i'm pretty much defenseless
and I've surrounded by armadillos
let me look around first I'll go up
there last if it's not there AHA there
it is ok I didn't have to go up there
but then what's the point why would you
want to go up there
I don't know that's weird but that's all
the chick corn so half didn't have to
worry about going up there I'll just
take the blue coins bet blue rings back
and we're here at four Engram so that
was really easy really well at least I
think it is well for me it is because I
mean I like to think I'm pretty skilled
at this game got addy because I took
forever to get the stuff though so if
you want a real comparison to how you
know the play differs and how hard it
might be if this is your first time go
watch a hi Leonardo I like watching his
a blind he is doing like a blind run of
really Hatcher right now he is pretty
fun to watch I'll put it that way but
yeah this is the shout out to him
because he shedded me out like one of
his couple videos so thanks man a
comment rate subscribe thanks for
watching everybody peace out